Degree of success: 80%

General Discussion: Overall I feel I'm doing the assignment mostly correct, but 
did have some concerns/issues with some of my results, I have voiced them in the
 section below. It is because of those issues/concerns that I have marked my 
degree of success as 80%. Just as a note at the top of this write up I have gone
 with a different printing format in my output.txt. My main reasoning behind 
this is that I found my format much easier to display than the format given in 
the A4 pdf.

Output Discussion: see sample_output.txt

50% Deadlock: This took a bit more time than I expected to find, mostly because 
I started my search around the 50 queue size, where it is set be default in the 
helper code. After a hand full of trail runs with small increments to the queue 
size (55, 60, 65, 70, etc.) I wasn't having much luck. I then began taking large
 leaps in queue size until I settled at a 600 queue size which seemed to give me
 a consistent 50% deadlock (the curve can be seen in 50DeadlockChart.png). Just 
as a note, did jump quite a long way in queue size in this process (from some 
where around 200 to about 500) so I am unsure if my queue size is much larger 
than it needs to be. The result is a linear downward sloping line on the graph.

Dozen Change Experiment (under DozenChangeChart.png): The results of this 
experiment are a little less predictable than in the 50% deadlock test as the 
line created by my tests is much steeper and a bit more jagged. The direction of
 the slope I found was to be expected, as number of dozens of donuts goes up it 
becomes harder and harder to fill those orders given static queue size. Thus as 
we got into the 300 dozen range we hit an average of 70% deadlock and in the 100
 range we only deadlock around 15% of the time. I am somewhat worried with my 
results as there appears to be a fairly large spike in deadlock percentage when 
we go from 150 dozens to 200 dozens (from 20% to 50%). I am unsure if this was 
to be expected or if this was just how the deadlocks happened to fall when I did
 my runs, but either way I would have expected less of a spike as we moved along
 the curve.

Email: Christopher_Burbine@student.uml.edu
