Degree of success: %85

Discussion: Over all think I am doing things mostly right, the main issue is 
with my out when using the .sh file. It seems to work as one would expect for 
the first 5 consumers, but after that point there is a problem my code 
continues to make consumers (usually hitting somewhere around 20-30) and the 
run deadlocks. This occurs on every run no matter how many consumers I define or
how deep the queue is. I can still use the output in my full right up, but I 
cannot guarantee that my data will conform as it is to expected. As for the 
deadlock amount they tended to run from 0 to 2 deadlocks at three loops. Though
 for whatever reason getting the signal deadlocks seemed few and far between.

Update Discussion: I've managed to fix the issues I was having. From what I can 
tell my code would sometimes leave some memory unreleased leaving some consumers
 running even after the loop and finished. I am not sure what is causing this 
but I have manged to get new runs with out the extra consumers deadlocking 
everything. I have raised my completion percentile from 75% to 85% as something
 is still wrong with my code.

Queue Depth Experimentation Results: The line is linear as one might expect. As
 the queue became larger and larger it became easier for the loops to run 
without deadlock. This numbers may off slightly because I had to count the 
deadlocks manually as the passed by due to the issue I was having with extra 
consumers.

Consumer Number Experimentation: For this part of the assignment I found my 50%
 deadlock to be about a 35 queue depth, this is where I found the split to be 
the most even most of the time. Similar to when I changed the queue depth the 
line I plotted is linear, however it slopes up instead of down. This indicated 
to me that as the number of consumers go up it becomes harder and harder for 
the producer to fill all their demands resulting in more frequent deadlocks. I 
am unsure I have done this correctly. I was unsure if the 50% deadlock meant the
 unique value at each consumer number that resulted in a 50% deadlock or if it 
was 50% for as depth of 50. I user the latter as that what assignment page seems
 to be asking but I am not 100% sure on this.

Email: christopher_burbine@student.uml.edu
